hello and welcome to the part to toddler
beanie hat tutorial today we are going
to finish the beanie hat that we started
in the previous tutorial you are going
to need your eye hook that you are using
before a G hook a short piece of string
of another color your pair of scissors
and the yarn needle to start we're going
to take that piece of string and
actually just loop it in to that last
row that we just made just like that
doesn't have to be tight it's not going
to stay there with your eye hook we're
gonna chain two and double crochet one
double crochet in each stitch all the
way around the Hat you should have 55
stitches we are going to do seven rows
of the 55 stitches so your piece of yarn
will just show you where your last this
they left the first row for we're going
to count this is one so you're gonna
have seven rows and then we're going to
catch up and I'll show you how to do the
brim high so I have finished my seven
rows there's where my tub ministering at
so one two three four five six and seven
what you're gonna do next is we are
going to change to our G hook so go
ahead and put your deal good work we're
going to chain one and single crochet
into then all 55 stitches two single
crochet you're going to just insert your
hook grab your yarn yarn over
and pull through both loops here insert
your hook grab your yarn yarn over and
pull through both loops so we're going
to do that all the way around you can
make sure your yarn is kind of tight
because this is the very last well this
is one of four rows we're gonna do four
single crochet rows no decreases but
with the smaller hook and if you cinch
your yarn down just a little bit not too
much it'll just pull the hat in a little
bit so you'll have the bottom of it will
be a little bit tighter so you can go
ahead and do that and I can catch up
with you at four rows there's my last
single crochet row I'm just gonna slip
stitch into the top you can grab your
scissors and snip off the end and go
ahead and just finish it by pulling it
through you're gonna then take your yarn
needle my yarn splitting all over
everywhere
and I just like to show my tails in
really well so that it doesn't fall out
or it looks really neat and clean when
you use a needle there just like that
you can snip off and there our hat is
complete these really simple hats are
great for gifts and they're also really
cute if you add a button or flower
they're super fun if you have a bunch of
different yarn ends you can make a bunch
of different colors it's they're really
cute for all kinds of things so please
make sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
so you can view all my videos and if
you'd like to comment below and let me
know if you'd like to learn something in
particular I'd love to do a tutorial on
just about anything crochet so if you'd
like to give me some ideas